Hi Ben,

sorry for the delayed reply - a rather unfortunate habit of mine - though I see
I did at least reply to your first email pretty quick.

I'll send you the code, on the condition that your version is also free to play.

A good opportunity to test your code-reading skills if nothing else. I hate the
messy, inconsistent, badly organised nature of it, so my disclaimer is that I
wrote it in the midst of learning C++ at uni.

Most of the code is in headers that I made sure to only #include once because I
had no idea how to split code properly between cpp files. G.I.Ant is lucky
enough to be put in a class, because I started a two-player mode after finishing
the game, and I knew what a class was by then.

The file loading stuff is in loadMap in Maps.h. Hopefully it's all pretty self
explanatory. The version number that's read is a version number for the file
format, to maintain backwards compatibility with older files during development,
so that's why it reads/doesn't read stuff based on that value.

Something to watch out for is the readInt function which has a workaround for
some weird problem with file.get() and file.set(). Something to do with an EOF
character or something. Whatever the problem was, it meant not writing the value
26, so when writing it incremented values >= 26 and when reading it decrements
values >= 27.

Everything is stored in arrays. The dominoes/platforms array is twice as high as
the background tiles, because the tiles are only half the height, compared to
the square background tiles.

The MAPWIDTH value is actually the visible size of the map + 2, because for easy
collision purposes the array extends off each edge of the screen. The first and
last columns aren't stored in the file though.

I believe the background tiles are stored as integers which refer to which tile
to use from the image, counting from the top left, along the rows. This will
mean rearranging the original game's tilesets to match mine. I may have also had
some new tiles in there though nothing drastically different.

I won't go into much more than that. Bear in mind that my levels are a bit
different to the original game's levels in a few cases because my mechanics
ended up a bit different (triggers for example must fall flat on the ground in
mine).

Just attaching the code files since you can get the assets with the game. More
for reference than any attempt at compilation. In case you hadn't figured this
one out yet the .ishi graphics files that come with the game are just renamed
PNGs.

Have fun! Hope it does turn out somewhat useful.

Craig

